Command + Command (press twice): Open or close Type to Siri.
Command key while double-clicking: Open a folder in a separate tab or window.
Command key while dragging to another volume: Move the dragged item to the other volume, instead of copying it.
Command or Shift while selecting an item:Select multiple items in the Finder.
Command-1: View the items in the Finder window as icons.
Command-2: View the items in a Finder window as a list.
Command-3: View the items in a Finder window in columns.
Command-4: View the items in a Finder window in a gallery.
Command-A: Select All items.
Command-B: Boldface the selected text, or turn boldfacing on or off.
Command-C: Copy the selected item to the Clipboard. This also works for files in the Finder.
Command-click a window title: See the folders that contain the current folder.
Command-Comma (,): Open settings (preferences) for the front app.
Command-D: Duplicate the selected files.
Command-D: Select the Desktop folder from within an Open dialog or Save dialog.
Command-Delete: Move the selected item to the Trash.
Command-E: Eject the selected disk or volume.
Command-F: Find items in a document or open a Find window.
Command-F: Start a Spotlight search in the Finder window.
Command-G: Find Again: Find the next occurrence of the item previously found. To find the previous occurrence, press Shift-Command-G.
Command-H: Hide the windows of the front app. To view the front app but hide all other apps, press Option-Command-H.
Command-I: Italicize the selected text, or turn italics on or off.
Command-I: Show the Get Info window for a selected file.
Command-J: Show View Options.
Command-K: Add a web link.
Command-K: Open the Connect to Server window.
Command-M: Minimize the front window to the Dock. To minimize all windows of the front app, press Option-Command-M.
Command-N: Open a new Finder window.
Command-O: Open the selected item, or open a dialog to select a file to open.
Command-P: Open a print dialog so that you can print the current document.
Command-R: (1) When an alias is selected in the Finder: show the original file for the selected alias. (2) In some apps, such as Calendar or Safari, refresh or reload the page. (3) In Software Update, check for software updates again.
Command-S: Save the current document.
Command-Semicolon (;): Find misspelled words in the document.
Command-T: Open a new tab.
Command-T: Show or hide the Fonts window.
Command-T: Show or hide the tab bar when a single tab is open in the current Finder window.
Command-Tab: Switch to the next most recently used app among your open apps.
Command-U: Underline the selected text, or turn underlining on or off.
Command-V: Paste the contents of the Clipboard into the current document or app. This also works for files in the Finder.
Command-W: Close the front window. To close all windows of the app, press Option-Command-W.
Command-X: Cut the selected item and copy it to the Clipboard.
Command-Y: Use Quick Look to preview the selected files.
Command-Z: Undo the previous command. You can then press Shift-Command-Zto Redo, reversing the undo command. In some apps, you can undo and redo multiple commands.
Command–Brightness Down: Turn video mirroring on or off when your Mac is connected to more than one display.
Command–Down Arrow: Move the insertion point to the end of the document.
Command–Down Arrow: Open the selected item.
Command–Grave accent (`): Switch between the windows of the app you're using. (The character on the second key varies by keyboard. It's generally the key above the Tab key and to the left of the number 1.)
Command–Left Arrow: Move the insertion point to the beginning of the current line.
Command–Left Bracket ([): Go to the previous folder.
Command–Left Curly Bracket ({): Left align.
Command–Mission Control or Fn-H: Show the desktop.
Command–Right Arrow: Move the insertion point to the end of the current line.
Command–Right Bracket (]): Go to the next folder.
Command–Right Curly Bracket (}): Right align.
Command–Slash (/): Hide or show the status bar in Finder windows.
Command–Space bar: Show or hide the Spotlight search field. To perform a Spotlight search from a Finder window, press Command–Option–Space bar. (If you use multiple input sources to type in different languages, these shortcuts change input sources instead of showing Spotlight. Learn how to change a conflicting keyboard shortcut.)
Command–Up Arrow: Move the insertion point to the beginning of the document.
Command–Up Arrow: Open the folder that contains the current folder.
Control-A: Move to the beginning of the line or paragraph.
Control-B: Move one character backward.
Control-Command-A: Make an alias of the selected item.
Control-Command-D: Show or hide the definition of the selected word.
Control-Command-F: Use or stop using the app in full screen, if supported by the app.
Control-Command-N: Create a new folder that contains the currently selected items.
Control-Command-T: Add the selected item to the sidebar (OS X Mavericks or later).
Control-D: Delete the character to the right of the insertion point. Or use Fn-Delete.
Control-E: Move to the end of a line or paragraph.
Control-F: Move one character forward.
Control-H: Delete the character to the left of the insertion point. Or use Delete.
Control-K: Delete the text between the insertion point and the end of the line or paragraph.
Control-L: Center the cursor or selection in the visible area.
Control-N: Move down one line.
Control-O: Insert a new line after the insertion point.
Control-P: Move up one line.
Control-Shift-Command-T: Add selected Finder item to the Dock (OS X Mavericks or later).
Control-Shift: Press and hold while accessing the Dock to use or stop using Dock magnification.
Control-T: Swap the character behind the insertion point with the character in front of the insertion point.
Control–Brightness Up or Control–Brightness Down: Change the brightness of your external display, if supported by your display.
Control–Command–Space bar or Fn-E: Show the Character Viewer, from which you can choose emoji and other symbols.
Control–Command–Up Arrow: Open the folder that contains the current folder in a new window.
Control–Down Arrow: Show all windows of the front app.
Cut, copy, paste, and other common shortcuts
Finder and system shortcuts
Fn-A: Show or hide the Dock.
Fn-C: Show or hide Control Center.
Fn-D: Start or stop dictation.
Fn-Delete: Forward delete on keyboards that don't have a Forward Delete key. Or use Control-D.
Fn-Fn: Open the Character Viewer.
Fn-N: Show or hide Notification Center.
Fn-Shift-A: Show or hide Launchpad.
Fn–Down Arrow: Page Down: Scroll down one page.
Fn–Left Arrow:Home: Scroll to the beginning of a document.
Fn–Right Arrow: End: Scroll to the end of a document.
Fn–Up Arrow: Page Up: Scroll up one page.
Left Arrow: Close the selected folder. This works only when in list view.
Option key while double-clicking: Open the item in a separate window, then close the original window.
Option key while dragging: Copy the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag the item.
Option-click a disclosure triangle: Open all folders within the selected folder. This works only when in list view.
Option-Command while dragging: Make an alias of the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag the item.
Option-Command-C: Copy Style: Copy the formatting settings of the selected item to the Clipboard.
Option-Command-D: Show or hide the Dock.
Option-Command-Esc: Force quit an app.
Option-Command-F: Go to the search field.
Option-Command-I: Show or hide the inspector window.
Option-Command-L: Open the Downloads folder.
Option-Command-N: Create a new Smart Folder.
Option-Command-P: Hide or show the path bar in Finder windows.
Option-Command-S: Hide or show the Sidebar in Finder windows.
Option-Command-T: Show or hide a toolbar in the app.
Option-Command-T: Show or hide the toolbar when a single tab is open in the current Finder window.
Option-Command-V: Move the files in the Clipboard from their original location to the current location.
Option-Command-V: Paste Style: Apply the copied style to the selected item.
Option-Command-Y: View a Quick Look slideshow of the selected files.
Option-Delete: Delete the word to the left of the insertion point.
Option-Shift-Command-Delete: Empty the Trash without confirmation dialog.
Option-Shift-Command-V: Paste and Match Style: Apply the style of the surrounding content to the item pasted within that content.
Option–Brightness Up: Open Displays preferences. This works with either Brightness key.
Option–Keyboard Brightness Up: Open Keyboard preferences. This works with either Keyboard Brightness key.
Option–Left Arrow: Move the insertion point to the beginning of the previous word.
Option–Mission Control: Open Mission Control preferences.
Option–Right Arrow: Move the insertion point to the end of the next word.
Option–Shift–Brightness Up or Option–Shift–Brightness Down: Adjust the display brightness in smaller steps. Add the Control key to this shortcut to make the adjustment on your external display, if supported by your display.
Option–Shift–Down Arrow: Extend text selection to the end of the current paragraph, then to the end of the following paragraph if pressed again.
Option–Shift–Keyboard Brightness Up or Option–Shift–Keyboard Brightness Down: Adjust the keyboard brightness in smaller steps.
Option–Shift–Left Arrow: Extend text selection to the beginning of the current word, then to the beginning of the following word if pressed again.
Option–Shift–Right Arrow: Extend text selection to the end of the current word, then to the end of the following word if pressed again.
Option–Shift–Up Arrow: Extend text selection to the beginning of the current paragraph, then to the beginning of the following paragraph if pressed again.
Option–Shift–Volume Up or Option–Shift–Volume Down: Adjust the sound volume in smaller steps.
Option–Volume Up: Open Sound preferences. This works with any of the volume keys.
Right Arrow: Open the selected folder. This works only when in list view.
Shift-Command-5: In macOS Mojave or later, take a screenshot or make a screen recording. Or use Shift-Command-3 or Shift-Command-4 for screenshots. Learn more about screenshots.
Shift-Command-C: Open the Computer window.
Shift-Command-Colon (:): Show the Spelling and Grammar window.
Shift-Command-D: Open the desktop folder.
Shift-Command-Delete: Empty the Trash.
Shift-Command-F: Open the Recents window, showing all of the files you viewed or changed recently.
Shift-Command-G: Open a Go to Folder window.
Shift-Command-H: Open the Home folder of the current macOS user account.
Shift-Command-I: Open iCloud Drive.
Shift-Command-K: Open the Network window.
Shift-Command-N: Create a new empty folder in the Finder.
Shift-Command-N: Create a new folder.
Shift-Command-O: Open the Documents folder.
Shift-Command-P: Page setup: Show a window for selecting document settings.
Shift-Command-P: Show or hide the Preview pane in Finder windows.
Shift-Command-R: Open the AirDrop window.
Shift-Command-S: Show the Save As dialog, or duplicate the current document.
Shift-Command-T: Show or hide the tab bar in Finder windows.
Shift-Command-U: Open the Utilities folder.
Shift–Command–Down Arrow: Select the text between the insertion point and the end of the document.
Shift–Command–Left Arrow: Select the text between the insertion point and the beginning of the current line.
Shift–Command–Minus sign (-): Decrease the size of the selected item.
Shift–Command–Plus sign (+): Increase the size of the selected item. Command–Equal sign (=) performs the same function.
Shift–Command–Question mark (?): Open the Help menu.
Shift–Command–Right Arrow: Select the text between the insertion point and the end of the current line.
Shift–Command–Up Arrow: Select the text between the insertion point and the beginning of the document.
Shift–Command–Vertical bar (|): Center align.
Shift–Down Arrow: Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same horizontal location on the line below.
Shift–Left Arrow: Extend text selection one character to the left.
Shift–Right Arrow: Extend text selection one character to the right.
Shift–Up Arrow: Extend text selection to the nearest character at the same horizontal location on the line above.
Space bar: Use Quick Look to preview the selected item.
Text-editing shortcuts
The behavior of these shortcuts may vary with the app you're using.
Window-tiling shortcuts




 export PATH="$PATH:/opt/homebrew/bin/terraform"